# introduction
Modern day technologies are evolving from smartcards to more advanced and smart technologies such as Smartphones. Since 1968, smartcard based privacy and security challenges were addressed, with numerous proposals emerging on smartcard based authentication frameworks and protocols. However, due to the existing smartcard limitations, the security and privacy challenges were not completely addressed and presented [1]. On the other hand, Smartphones are playing a vigorous role to accomplish our daily tasks and routines. From waking-up to going-to-bed, every routine is now linked and performed with the help of Smartphone applications. Based on Web of Sciences citation analysis, the rising trend of Smartphone usage has made information security a more challenging task, and a consequent increase in research and citations in the past two decades (Figure 1). Additionally, with the advent and integration of Cloud Computing (CC) technologies, security and privacy issues have become more challenging. Our data, which was initially stored on our hard drives, is now mainly stored on third-party Cloud Servers. Moreover, according to [3], 75% of Smartphone applications require access to critical user data, including Location, Device ID, Camera, Contacts etc. The use of those technologies has made Smartphones vulnerable to Smartphone-level security threats, and has increased susceptibility to third-part security threats [1].

## Concepts of Security and Authentication
  Now a days, Smartphones are well equipped with numerous authentication   mechanisms such as, Multiple Factor Authentication (MFA), Two Factor Authentication  (2FA)  and Three Factor Authentication (3FA) [18-20]. A 3FA based Smartphone is able to provide higher security for critical information  [21].  However, it is not necessary that cloud resources (integrated within a Smartphone application) provide support for MFA or 3FA based authentication. Additionally, the risk of a security breach is higher when such       cloud resources are involved in transferring user critical information and have access to built-in Smartphone resources (Figure 2). On the other hand, without such access permis -sions, those applications will fail to perform essential tasks associated with either daily routines or professional chores. Those risks are not only limited to Smartphones.       Nowadays, Smart devices such as tablets and phone-tabs have replaced our regular Personal Computers and Laptops. Moreover, almost all domains and sectors are utilizing those smart technologies to perform their normal or critical operations[22 and 23]. The security risk is very high when we consider sensitive domains and sectors that include: Military, Defense, Telecommunications, Health and other governmental or non-governmental entities [24 - 29].
#SYSTEM STUDY
##FEASIBILITY STUDY 
The feasibility of the project is analyzed in this phase and business proposal is put forth with a very general plan for the project and some cost estimates. During system analysis the feasibility study of the proposed system is to be carried out. This is to ensure that the proposed system is not a burden to the company.  For feasibility analysis, some understanding of the major requirements for the system is essential.

###Three key considerations involved in the feasibility analysis are	
###ECONOMICAL FEASIBILITY
###TECHNICAL FEASIBILITY
###SOCIAL FEASIBILITY

###ECONOMICAL FEASIBILITY
This study is carried out to check the economic impact that the system will have on the organization. The amount of fund that the company can pour into the research and development of the system is limited. The expenditures must be justified. Thus the developed system as well within the budget and this was achieved because most of the technologies used are freely available. Only the customized products had to be purchased. 
###TECHNICAL FEASIBILITY
This study is carried out to check the technical feasibility, that is, the technical requirements of the system. Any system developed must not have a high demand on the available technical resources. This will lead to high demands on the available technical resources. This will lead to high demands being placed on the client. The developed system must have a modest requirement, as only minimal or null changes are required for implementing this system.   
###SOCIAL FEASIBILITY
The aspect of study is to check the level of acceptance of the system by the user. This includes the process of training the user to use the system efficiently. The user must not feel threatened by the system, instead must accept it as a necessity. The level of acceptance by the users solely depends   on the methods that are employed to educate the user about the system and to make him familiar with it. His level of confidence must be raised so that he is also able to make some constructive criticism, which is welcomed, as he is the final user of the system.
